All right, so I know we are very excited and we want to get to it right, so before we move forward
to do other things like, for instance, learning about Caitlin or go dive right into compose whichever
path you choose.
This is what we're going to be doing.
We're going to build a simple app called Business Card.
At Basic Card.
It's essentially it's a very simple app.
As I said, we will have, as you see there, a picture at the top and then we're going to have a name.
And of course, the profession of this person of Twitter account handle.
And of course, about once that portfolio button is clicked, we are going to show a list of their projects.
Let me show you now the actual app working on them later.
Before we start building it.
So here is a little demo of what we are going to be building.
It's very simple, like I said, but it will showcase the power of Android Jetpack compose.
The app is running.
As you can see here we have a profile picture and in the background, if you can see we can make this
a little bit bigger, perhaps you to be able to see, you can see we have this very nice background
rounded corners and you have a profile picture divider in your name.
And of course, Android compose program or the title of this person and then their Twitter account handle
there.
And of course, the button.
The beauty here is that the portfolio button when you click, it's going to show a list course of all
of the project of this person.
All of this Islamic data can see it's a list you can scroll up and down the click back.
It's going to go ahead and of course, toggle the contents of our projects really nice.
So this is what I'm going to be building.
And we're going to have a lot of fun.
Let's go ahead and get started.